Skaffolding for the sdcore-pcf operator (#1)
canonical/sdcore-pcf-operator: README.md

<div align="center">
  <img src="./icon.svg" alt="ONF Icon" width="200" height="200">
</div>
<br/>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://charmhub.io/sdcore-pcf"><img src="https://charmhub.io/sdcore-pcf/badge.svg" alt="CharmHub Badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/canonical/sdcore-pcf-operator/actions/workflows/publish-charm.yaml">
    <img src="https://github.com/canonical/sdcore-pcf-operator/actions/workflows/publish-charm.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main" alt=".github/workflows/publish-charm.yaml">
  </a>
  <br/>
  <br/>

>   <h1>SD-CORE PCF Operator</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h1>SD-Core PCF Operator</h1>
```

</div>

> A Charmed Operator for SDCORE's Policy Control Function (PCF) component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Charmed Operator for SD-Core's Policy Control Function (PCF) component. 
```
